today we're going to be checking out a
thick tablet Meet The Minis Forum V3 a
gaming grade tablet that features a
ryzen 7 8840 U processor 32 GB of memory
and some really cool IO starting with
this guy right over here let's get right
into this we've got no way no way is
that a full-sized SD card slot okay I'm
kind of into that we've got a volume
rocker that can operate in two different
mod modes one to adjust volume and one
to adjust yes that's right my friends
get this the brightness of the display
when you are using this USBC Port that
supports something that I'm seeing for
the first time in person here called
vlink vlink allows this tablet computer
which yes is a full-fledged PC that I'm
just going to go ahead and click on that
is capable of running even triaa games
like cyberpunk it allows you to turn it
into a portable monitor I'm such a huge
advocate for this functionality because
what it does is it allows you to use it
as a tablet for most of its usable life
cycle and then use it as a monitor later
in fact that is a feature that Apple
used to support on their old IMAX called
Target display mode so you could just
use it as a monitor once the insides
were kind of useless uh let's take a
quick look at the outsides here so we've
got some Pogo pins for oh right it's not
just a tablet it's a threein one sold me
taking a look at some accessories
that'll attach to that coming around
this side we've got two more USB C's
these both USB 4 we've got a power
button with integrated fingerprint
sensing uh moving around to the top ah
yes ventilation if you're going to put
eight Zen 4 CPU cores in this thing not
to mention a 12 cuu GPU that boosts to
up to 2.7 GHz you're going to need a
couple intake fans and you're going to
need a couple of heat sinks man I am
liking this
display it does not support HDR but what
it does manage to do is hit the stated
500 nits of peak brightness with what we
would describe as reasonable color
accuracy and it's got an extremely I'm
using the word aggressive here but
really what I'm going for is effective
anti-glare coating that in spite of the
fact that this place is covered in
studio lighting still manages to yield a
usable image it doesn't have the
thinnest bezels and we did notice some
odd behavior from the display where
using it as a Target display for another
Machine versus using it with the tablet
itself resulted in both different
performance in terms of brightness and
in terms of color accuracy and grayscale
tracking kind of odd but none of the
results were unacceptable so I would
take the additional functionality even
if it does come with some caveats and
caveats there are this is a 144 40p
display that can run it up to 165 Hertz
I mean look when I said that this was a
gaming tablet I was not yank in your
chain but in display Target mode it can
only achieve 60 HZ and we noticed that
instead of running an 8 bit mode
natively it was running six-bit mode
with dithering which we didn't observe
any banding issues but could show up
depending on what it is that you're
trying to achieve wow Big Picture Mode
looks flipp and awesome on this and wait
this isn't 1440p is it it's not it's
2560 x600 so that's a 16x 10 aspect
ratio which is great for productivity
whether you're a video editor or writer
I mean really anything where you can
benefit from a little bit of extra
vertical space you know what I'm not
always a huge fan of the feel of
anti-glare Coatings this is not bad it's
still not quite what you'd expect from
you know a modern smartphone with
Gorilla Glass 3 or victus or something
like that but it's pretty satisfying and
realistically I don't think there'd be
any getting away from this given that ah
yes one of the big selling points of
this tablet is that it is suitable for
drawing right now their pen is included
as a free gift with your purchase of the
V3 tablet but it is rumored to cost in
the neighborhood of around $100 at some
point and supports up to
4,096 pressure sensitivities so can we
play fort Horizon 5 with a pen we're
about to find out while we wait for this
to launch why don't we tell you about
our sponsor thanks ground news for
sponsoring today's video they want to
change how you engage with news articles
from around the world and ground news
does this by breaking down biases
revealing who owns Which media outlets
and showing factuality for each story
recently Microsoft delayed their AI
recall feature due to security concerns
thanks to ground news you can ask why
right leaning Outlets might report on
the lay through a more critical lens
plus their blind spot feature shows
stories that have little or no reporting
from one side of the political Spectrum
honesty and transparency should be
important when you read the news so why
wait save 40% on ground news's Vantage
plan at the link down below H yes the
answer expectedly is no but that's fine
because that gives us a good opportunity
to talk about some of the accessories
that are included that we kind of
glossed over before there's a power
adapter which you can't take for granted
these days wow that is really small is
this a powered it is 65 Watts Max and so
tiny I love this and it comes with a USB
C Toc cable the pen comes with an extra
tip and a puller and a convenient place
to store it though it should be noted
that we found that while gaming which is
where I was getting to with this it gets
really hot because it overlaps ever so
slightly with these exhaust vents so we
would recommend that if you're playing
games or realistically doing anything
intensive for a long period of time on
this thing that you maybe just put your
pen in your bag and then bring it out
when it's time to actually draw for our
part though let's try out some more of
the accessories ooh the stand oh I guess
I
better this is this is really not that
convenient do I really have
to oh wow that's a that's a really stiff
hinge dang goes over the camera and that
goes like that that's technology all
right
oh let's see if the keyboard's a little
better man I mean that's about as good
as I could ask for for something so low
profile but I can't say that it's the
most awe inspiring typing experience
I've ever had wait a second where the
Sam Hill do they pull in air from is
there another air pull source
it appears that the
intention
ah is that actually holds on there a
little bit better too all right minis
Forum
touche I got to say I'm surprised it
took so long for someone to put one of
these mobile AMD chips into a tablet
like obviously at this screen size 800p
is going to look a little Alias but this
is very usable and in a chassis this
size I don't know if this is just credit
to to the mini forum team which has a
lot of experience building super small
desktop
PCS it is surprisingly quiet like look
at this I'm holding this right up to the
mic you can barely hear the flipping
thing that's really impressive running a
AAA game like Port of horizon 5 now what
you might not be as impressed by is the
battery life it's got a 50w hour battery
in it which is an okay size but resulted
in an endurance battery life test of
about 5 hours well short of our Target
of about 6 hours to be decent and gaming
battery life of just over an hour
regardless of the performance profile
speaking of performance profiles I'm
probably in the balanced performance
profile right now because the fans do
get a bit more aggressive in the 28 watt
maximum profile let's get their
application open so we can have a look
at that yeah we're in Power Balance mode
oh oh I got to plug it in for power
premium mode that is a very short
included power cable so this is not also
a regular USBC Port well that's good to
know looking over
here hey there we go 28 watt TDP 165 HZ
refresh mode there we go that's a few
more
fpss and it's still not even that loud I
think the most impressive thing about
these AMD mobile chips is just how long
it's taking Intel to catch up to them
like they technically have a competitor
in the form of their core Ultra 100
series family but I mean we have a
competing product from 1 x player that
has a larger 60 plus wat hour battery
it's got the competing core Ultra chip
running at a maximum 35 watt TDP instead
of 28 watts and it still doesn't manage
to match the performance of this thing
and AMD hasn't even updated the GPU in
these for an entire product refresh one
thing they have updated is their npu or
their neural Processing Unit so they
saying that your onboard radon Graphics
can now be used for things like gaze
correction when you're on conference
calls automatic Framing and advanced
background adjustments uh speaking of
which we should probably have a look at
this camera I was going to say that's
not bad for having an anti-glare Coating
in front of it but um it doesn't that
does impact my impressions of a little
bit I mean it's very usable and I'll let
you guys be the judge of the microphone
quality eye contact hello can I have eye
contact with you guys no matter where
I'm looking on my screen is it
correcting
it uh it really doesn't look like it
automatic framing though is
this is any of this doing anything is oh
heyy there you go whoa buddy okay that's
kind of cool I haven't actually played
around with this wait a second we're not
done with the camera yet there's a rear
camera so you can be the supremely
gigantic pad hole ever oh my God the
quality of this is terrible I don't
remember the last time I took a picture
with something and it looked this bad
this is like iPhone 4 grade I can't even
tell what finger you're holding
up yeah okay all right all right all
right all right we get the point back to
the front camera for a second though it
supports Windows hello which is nice and
I got to say the overall weight of the
device is not that bad it's about a
kilogram which is heavy obviously but
thanks to the magnesium alloy chassis
it's not nearly as heavy as it otherwise
could have
[Music]
been not bad actually not very loud but
they've done a good job of managing
Distortion even if you're not going to
be getting the most Soul thundering base
out of this thing you know what I don't
even need to launch this to tell you
guys the labs tested the gaming
performance of this device and we were
pretty impressed it does about as well
as you would expect one of amd's latest
apus to do and leaves Intel struggling
to look for a reason to exist exist in
this gaming tablet gaming handheld space
what they couldn't test was how well it
works for art now see I happen to be
something of an artist I'm just kidding
realistically whatever they did to have
a look at the pen performance is more
useful than what I'm about to do but hey
I can at least say if it's super laggy
he hey look at that okay can I just say
mad respect to anyone who does a daily
or even a weekly strip because anytime I
sit down and try to think of something
funny I draw a
blank come on that's a little bit funny
I mean realistically all I really care
about is what kind of finess of control
do I have with this thing it is possible
to make contact with the screen and not
leave a mark which is sort of a bummer
however even the slightest bit of
pressure does leave a very very thin
line oh something that I'd like to try
though is using it in Target display
mode we're going to be using a Nintendo
switch let's go ahead and get this
plugged in here external DP signal
detected shut down and switch to tablet
mode yes do you confirm all your work
has been saved that makes sense I've got
to turn off the computer oh now is a
good time to mention that we did find
that it managed full coverage of the
dcp3 color space as advertised however
you're going to want to turn on
windows's autocolor Management in order
to make sure that regular SDR content
doesn't end up oversaturated now let's
left to do is turn on our switch oh wow
this is
interesting it is stretched is there an
OSD that allows us to change the aspect
ratio okay that doesn't adjust volume
anymore okay as we discussed that does
brightness well is there any other OSD
oh that is nope that just turned it off
that is a bummer I pressed the power
button and it turned the computer back
on which was not actually my desired
outcome when I had the switch plugged
into it so it's an unusual device the
one thing that I haven't been told in
advance of this unboxing is the price
I'm going to guess it's pretty cool it
comes with a lot of accessories I'm
going to say this thing is probably
going to cost you a cool ,000 1500
us$1,500
us okay apparently it's on promo for
1,200 right now they know about the iPad
right
no they haven't heard of the iPad I mean
this is a different device and if you're
the kind of person who wants to run
Windows software you want a tablet you
want something AMD powered you're not
going to have a whole ton of options and
I understand that when you're producing
devices at lower volumes there's going
to be some inherent overhead but I think
it's going to be a very particular
customer who goes with this over one of
the other mobile Computing solutions
that are out there even if honestly it
does seem pretty darn cool to me hope
you guys enjoyed this video subscribe to
Short Circuit